#Pan's PDUs

Pan's PDU's can return current power usage, accumulated power usage and if the external sensors are plugged in, temperature.

Pan has two types of PDU. The 39m2816's, which we can easily query through SNMP
And the 43V6145 PDUs, which we can pull XML from, using web queries, and get some information through SNMP.

#Power

These scripts return power readings from the PDU's
* power_total_39m2816.rb <host_name>  prints the accumulated power use since the last reset (which is usually the reading since it was first powered on) from the PDU specified by host_name
* power_total_43V6145.rb <host_name>  prints the accumulated power use since the last reset (which is usually the reading since it was first powered on) from the PDU specified by host_name
* powerusage_39m2816.rb <host_name> prints the current power usage (point in time) from the PDU specified by host_name
* powerusage_43V6145.rb <host_name> prints the current power usage (point in time) from the PDU specified by host_name
* pan_total_pwr.rb creates a csv file in the web directory for the accumulated power used by the cluster, another with the readings from each rack in the cluster, and also prints this to the stdout. These are then copied to the public web server
* rack_power_html.rb creates a csv file in the web directory for the current power usage of the cluster, another with the readings from each rack in the cluster. These are then copied to the public web server

#Temperature

These scripts fetch temperature readings from the PDU's attached temperature sensors.
* aisle_temperature.rb
* get_rack_temperature.rb
* temp_43V6145.rb <host_name> prints the temperature from the PDU specified by the host_name to STDOUT.
* temp_39m2816.rb <host_nome> prints the temperature from the PDU specified by the host_name to STDOUT.

#Web

These are HTML 5 web pages, utilising the RGraph javascript libraries ( @see http://www.rgraph.net/ ), that use the json or csv generated by these scripts.

